Update Release notes with Github Announcement for May release (#4682)
dotnet/core: release-notes/3.1/3.1.4/3.1.4.md

A remote unauthenticated attacker could exploit this vulnerability by issuing specially crafted requests to the .NET Core application.

> For further information visit [Github Announcement](https://github.com/dotnet/announcements/issues/156)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see the [Github announcement](https://github.com/dotnet/announcements/issues/156).
```

The update addresses the vulnerability by correcting how the ASP.NET Core web application handles web requests.

> For further information visit [Github Announcement](https://github.com/aspnet/Announcements/issues/416)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see the [Github announcement](https://github.com/aspnet/Announcements/issues/416).
```
